var books =[ {
        title:'HarryPotter',
        author:'J.K.Rowling',
        genre:'Fantasy',
        img:"harry.jpg",
        about:'Harry Potter is a film series based on the eponymous novels by J. K. Rowling. The series is distributed by Warner Bros. and consists of eight fantasy films, beginning with Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone (2001) and culminating with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 (2011)'
    },
    {
        title:'Twilight',
        author:'Meyer,Stephenie',
        genre:'Fiction',
        img:"twilight.jpg",
        about:'The Twilight Saga is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels, two companion ... The novel Midnight Sun is a retelling of the first book, Twilight, from Edward Cullens point of view. ... Meyer expanded the story into a series with three more books: New Moon (2006), Eclipse (2007), and Breaking Dawn (2008)'
        },
          
        {
            title:'Angels & Demons',
            author:'Brow,Dan',
            genre:'crime thriller',
            img:"angels.jpg",
            about:'Harry Potter is a series of seven fantasy novels written by British author, J. K. Rowling. The novels chronicle the lives of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry'
        },
        {
            title:'The god of small things',
            author:'Arundhati Roy',
            genre:'Novel',
            img:"thegod.jpg",
             about:'The God of Small Things is the debut novel of Indian writer Arundhati Roy. It is a story about the childhood experiences of fraternal twins whose lives are destroyed by the "Love Laws" that lay down "who should be loved, and how. And how much." The book explores how the small things affect peoples behavior and their lives. The book also reflects its irony against casteism, which is a major discrimination that prevails in India. It won the Booker Prize in 1997.  '
        },
        {
            title:'Wings of fire',
            author:'A P J Abdul Kalam',
            genre:'Autobiography',
            img:"apj.jpg",
            about:'An Autobiography of A P J Abdul Kalam (1999), former President of India. It was written by Dr. Abdul Kalam and Arun Tiwari. Dr. Kalam examines his early life, effort, hardship, fortitude, luck and chance that eventually led him to lead Indian space research, nuclear and missile programs.'
        },

            {
                title:'Da Vinci Code',
                author:'Dan Brown',
                genre:'Mystery Thriller',
                img:"davinci.jpg",
            about:'The Da Vinci Code is a 2003 mystery thriller novel by Dan Brown. It is Browns second novel to include the character Robert Langdon: the first was his 2000 novel Angels & Demons. The Da Vinci Code follows "symbologist" Robert Langdon and cryptologist Sophie Neveu after a murder in the Louvre Museum in Paris causes them to become involved in a battle between the Priory of Sion and Opus Dei over the possibility of Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene having had a child together'
        }
    